{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor100
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone In the Belly of the Beast
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 The following takes place during the overnight stay in Strahd\'92s castle during Session 30 \'96 following the death of Sasha.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i (Optional soundtrack of the Strahd album in order.)
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 The wind thrashed at the stone battlements of Castle Ravenloft, rattling the window panes as Magda lay on the floor pretending, for the second silent hour, to sleep. There was a mustiness in the air she could feel soaking into her clothes, her hair, caked in blood and sweat. Mustiness of bedsheets unslept-in for decades. Of dust that was almost as old as she was. The gibbous moon pushed through the clouds, as though it was proud and dancing but only while everyone was asleep.
\f1 \

\f3 \
The window creaked as it opened again. Magda reached for her sword, half-expecting Sasha to burst in again.
\f1 \

\f3 \
But it wasn\'92t Sasha.
\f1 \

\f3 \
She stopped, but she didn\'92t relax. \'93Am I awake right now, or have I fallen asleep?\'94 She tightened her grip on Traitor\'92s hilt.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93What\'92s the difference?\'94 Asmodeus crooned, stretching one leg in through the window, then the other. His snakeskin boots clipped the floor as the floorboards creaked under his weight. Closing the window behind him, he straightened the collar of his purple dress shirt. \'93Is it less real if you\'92re asleep?\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Maybe.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You threw me out the window.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Oh please. I threw a trinket out of the window. The person it belonged to is gone, it had served its purpose.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Convincing,\'94 Asmodeus smirked. He looked up at the patterns on the decadent ceiling of the bedroom. \'93I haven\'92t been in here in a 
\f4\i very
\f3\i0  long time.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Have you come to help me or just to torture me as usual?\'94 Magda said, standing up. She knew now she was definitely asleep \'96 Arlo wasn\'92t that light a sleeper. \'93Because I\'92m already all but dead right now.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Just fancied a chat. You know that was the only other unholy symbol in the entire realm. Do you know how long it took me to get that past the mists?\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93If you\'92re that pissed, you can dig it out of the moat yourself.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
He smiled. \'93You know Magdalena, I always liked you. Even now, spent, exhausted, you think you\'92re above me. 
\f4\i Me
\f3\i0 . Above the gods.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You may be a god, but you\'92re a man like any other.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You still think that,\'94 he grinned. He was standing so close. \'93Still.\'94 His smell cut through the room, sweet and citric pomegranate, with a smoke under it. Brimstone. She looked down, the blood and sweat that covered her were gone. They stood, disinfected by the moonlight. \'93You are running out of steam, precious girl.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93I\'92m not your girl,\'94 she spat, instinctively, a reflex action. But he hovered in front of her like a viper, not touching her at all. Waiting to see what she did, if her tiredness got the better of her, if she would collapse into him...
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93I\'92m the King of Lies, Magda, and you give 
\f4\i me
\f3\i0  a run for my money. You lie to everyone.\'94 He looked at Arabelle, dozing quietly in the fourposter bed. Arlo lay, slumped against it, stirring in his sleep. Asmodeus\'92 eyes glimmered. \'93But the lies you tell to yourself, those are the most... exquisite. Rich. Distilled.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You can\'92t even say that without slavering like a dog,\'94 Magda said. \'93Say you piece and go, devil man. I\'92m in the enemy\'92s house, and I need to sleep.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
He ran thin, beautiful fingers through her hair, until she grabbed his hand in a pincer grip. He smiled a smile that could\'92ve charmed the jewels off the queen\'92s throat, but Magda didn\'92t break.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You\'92re hurting me,\'94 he said, smile spreading wider. Another lie, she thought.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Good.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Yes, it is,\'94 he said. 
\f1 \

\f3 \
That made her let go. Step back.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Why did you throw it away?\'94 he asked.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You need me,\'94 she said. \'93More than I need you. I wanted you to remember that.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
He laughed then, loud and rattling, like he had emphysema in his lungs. \'93Now you\'92re my only window into Barovia.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Now that, I don\'92t believe for a moment.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 \'93Well, I am the God of Lies, as you said.\'94 He shrugged, like a magician pretending to show he had nothing up his sleeves. His cufflinks caught the moonlight, coiled gold.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93I\'92m in his house\'85\'94 she whispered the obvious. \'93I\'92m in his house right now. If you could give me the tools to kill him\'85\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93He said so himself. Only that damnable sword has the power to kill him now.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Where is it?\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93Your friend has it.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93He\'92s not my friend.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 \'93Good,\'94 Asmodeus said. \'93I do get jealous, after all.\'94 He rubbed his hand where she\'92d grabbed him. If he\'92d been human it would\'92ve started to bruise by now. \'93There are more gods with their eyes on Barovia than you know. Everything hangs in the balance, and it\'92s all to play for.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93And I\'92m to be your pawn in this chess game?\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
Asmodeus scoffed. \'93Oh, please. You\'92re my queen.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
Magda hated it when he did that, played to her ego. She hated it because he still managed to make it sound patronising, but she also hated it because it worked.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93You\'92re the only piece I have with the reach you do,\'94 Asmodeus said. \'93You\'92re right. I am counting on you.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 \'93It really doesn\'92t feel like I can move freely right now. I haven\'92t moved freely since Vallaki.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93I sense\'85 that will change soon.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93What, while we\'92re running around doing the bidding of the one man I was here to kill in the first place?\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93I trust you\'92ll find a way to twist things in your favour in Berez.\'94 He\'92d closed the distance between them again, without her even noticing. \'93You always were good at\'85 shifting a situation to suit yourself.\'94
\f1 \

\f3 \
He hugged her then. 
\f1 \

\f3 \
And she hugged him back. She cursed herself. Fuck, she was so tired, so cold and so tired that even the devil\'92s comfort was warm. She nestled her head in the crook of his neck and groaned as her joints ached. The smell of pomegranates and brimstone in his hair...
\f1 \

\f3 \
\'93It\'92s okay,\'94 he said, putting a hand on the back of her head. \'93You are doing\'85 spectacular work.\'94 And she found she didn\'92t even have the energy to tell him to shut up.
\f1 \

\f3 \
He vanished into smoke, and his absence left her feeling more alone than ever. \'93It seems our time is up for the moment,\'94 his voice said, whispering on the air.
\f1 \

\f3 \
She took a moment to compose herself, catch her breath, standing by the window. Now she was alone she could feel that the dirt, and the grime, and the blood hadn\'92t been cleansed away at all. She was still rotten under it all.
\f1 \

\f3 \
She turned, and looked at the other people in the room. Their presence, their slumber. The knowledge that if they knew what she had done, they would leave her like Varian did. But she still needed them. She couldn\'92t do this by herself.
\f1 \

\f3 \
In this moment though, the idea that she was just using them felt like hollow pretence. She put her hand on Arabelle\'92s, knowing she wouldn\'92t feel it through the layers of drugged stupor. Stupid, naive little girl. Tonight must have been quite the night for her.
\f1 \

\f3 \
Arlo stirred again, and Magda snapped her hand back like it was incriminating.
\f1 \

\f3 \
In his sleep, he smiled. A secret smile. He was probably dreaming of home, far away.
\f1 \

\f3 \
She went to the window, put her hand on the stone of the window ledge. It made her think of her own home. The home that only existed in her dreams now. These arched windows, the old glass and stone under her fingertips, the rolling land beyond, the clarity of the moonlight. 
\f1 \

\f3 \
For a moment, she allowed herself to consider following Sasha\'92s symbol, falling the hundreds, the thousands of feet. Sasha had lived so many lifetimes, only to die in her arms.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf2 \'93Don\'92t\'85 let him\'85 leave.\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f4\i \
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f3\i0 \cf2 Was killing him worth unleashing him on the world? Sasha had been the only one to know. Maybe she was right.
\f1 \

\f3 \
But Magda had been aiming for this for so long. It was her only way to atone. 
\f1 \
\

\f3 And dead people didn\'92t get an opinion.
\f1 \
}