{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The Malazan Archives\
Two hundred and thirty years ago\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Magda had spent so long in the old library that she couldn't smell the dead trees anymore. The smell of old mulch and ink were just a feature of the world now. Dust gathered on the cloak around her shoulders and the candlelight on her desk flickered as she rubbed her hands warm between turning pages. The large leather-bound book was written in Celestial, and each paragraph was denser than old treacle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 \'93You know, I didn\'92t give you this power for you to waste it catching up on your reading.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \'93You didn\'92t give me this power at all,\'94 Magda said. She looked up, and, as if by magic, Asmodeus was sitting in the chair opposite her. If the librarian walked in, she wasn\'92t sure what he would see. If she was just talking to herself. \'93We had a contract. And the parameters of that contract have changed.\'94\
Asmodeus leaned forward in the chair, smirking like he held all the cards.\
He didn\'92t \'97 she knew that \'97 but he had a very good poker face.\
\'93The contract 
\f0\i has
\f1\i0  changed though,\'94 he said. \'93Enough that I feel I could call it null and void if I wished.\'94\
\'93Why would you want to do that?\'94\
\'93You\'92re not doing what you said you would,\'94 Asmodeus said. He looked human this time. Male. Cherubic features, sharp cheekbones, and powerful shoulders, upon which large red bat wings gently alighted.\
\'93No skull face today?\'94 she said. She reached across the book with ink-stained hands and took a drink from the goblet of wine at the edge of her desk. \'93Are you trying to impress me?\'94 she said with a smirk.\
He rolled his eyes. \'93How I look just depends on how I feel when I get up in the morning.\'94\
\'93Mondays, right?\'94 Magda said, going back to the book and flicking a page. \'93If you must know, now that my expected lifespan is\'85 exponentially longer, I\'92m taking a wider view on the goal. You do still care about the goal, yes?\'94\
He tilted his head, raising a sculpted eyebrow. \'93Yes\'85 what are you reading?\'94\
\'93Right now?\'94 she lifted the book to show him the cover \'97 also in Celestial. \'93
\f0\i Salt and Brimstone and Undead Beings. 
\f1\i0 Riveting, as you can imagine.\'94\
\'93Enough of these games, Magdalena. What information are you trying to find?\'94\
\'93Vampires seem to run in bloodlines. The one who bit me, the one who bit them, going back through the centuries,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ve found that apparently killing a parent vampire will untether all their spawn from the material plane. So it stands to reason\'97\'94\
\'93You want to kill the one vampire at the very top of the chain, and topple the whole thing,\'94 Asmodeus said. He groaned, leaning back in the chair, far enough that it was almost toppling. \'93Forget it, Magda. I appreciate your tenacity but that\'92s beyond you.\'94\
\'93How impressive. I\'92ve never come across anything that was beyond me before.\'94\
He laughed then. A deep and throaty laugh, that was tinged with malice. \'93You continue to infuriate me.\'94\
\'93Then I\'92m doing my job,\'94 Magda said.\
\'93My realm hath no fury like a woman scorned,\'94 Asmodeus said. \'93You\'92re trying to boil the ocean.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Magda said. \'93Though I was already doing that, one drop at a time. In the middle of a rainstorm.\'94 She pushed the book away like a meal she couldn\'92t finish. \'93But then, it must be hard for you to see that. Men don\'92t tend to be interested in anything further than the six inches past their chin.\'94 She nodded to his crotch.\
\'93Nine.\'94\
\'93What?\'94\
He shrugged, faux-bashfully. \'93Mine is nine inches past my chin.\'94\
\'93Thank you for proving my point.\'94\
He smiled at her indignation again, like she was a kitten that was pulling at a dangling tablecloth. Deity, demon, or man \'97 it seemed they really were all the same. The condescension, the complete inability to take her seriously. But it served her purposes \'97 they would disregard her sword until it was buried in their ribcages.\
\'93This plan is ridiculous. But amusing,\'94 he said. \'93Alright. I\'92ll even give you a head-start.\'94\
\'93Oh?\'94\
\'93The vampire you\'92re looking for. The first one,\'94 he stood, walked to the bookshelf, and ran a long, slender finger along it, eyeing the spines. Then, he plucked a book like a bird pulling a worm from the ground \'97 a book that she was sure hadn\'92t been there before.\
He brought it to the table and laid it down, pushing her aside to gain access to the desk space. Standing by Asmodeus\'92 side felt like standing very close to an open flame, as though her skin would burn if it touched his.\
He leafed through the book \'97 the edges of the pages worried with age and\'85 burned in some places \'97 until he found what he was looking for. A portrait of a man, drawn in charcoal.\
He stabbed the page with his finger. \'93Count Strahd von Zarovich. The very first. So toxic to the core even we spat him out.\'94\
\'93Where is he? Why haven\'92t I ever heard of him?\'94 The drawing showed a man with shining black hair and a wicked smile, and his gaze seemed to follow Magda around the room. She found she didn\'92t want to look away from the picture, in case it moved.\
\'93The Darklords banished the entire valley where he lived into a pocket universe, to trap him forever. He has ultimate power there, so much so even 
\f0\i I
\f1\i0  can barely penetrate the veil\'85 But he lives in complete torment.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 Magda felt for the stake on her belt and worried the head of it with her fingers. \'93I\'92m sure I\'92ll be able to do something about that.\'94\
Asmodeus cackled. \'93Oh there is 
\f0\i fire
\f1\i0  in you, your Grace! Even more than I had thought.\'94 Standing up at his full height, he towered over her \'97 he must have been seven foot tall. He teased a finger through one of the curls of her hair, and she felt that heat from his hand. She gripped his forearm, digging her fingers into the soft muscle and lifting it away from her so his hand dangled uselessly in the air.\
He smiled, and prised his arm from her grip.\
\'93Hellfire,\'94 she said. \'93There is hellfire in me. And I need to do something constructive with it, or all this has been for nothing.\'94 She turned, and made to grab the book of Strahd but before she touched it, it burned to cinders and disappeared from the table, leaving no trace.\
\'93Oh, Magdalena. Even a cleric of Asmodeus can\'92t read our records with impunity,\'94 he said. He massaged his forearm where she\'92d grabbed him, smarting. \'93By Cerberus, woman, you have a grip like a vice\'85\'94\
Magdalena cooed sarcastically. \'93Aww. You want me to kiss it better?\'94\
\'93Is that an option?\'94 he raised an eyebrow.\
She looked him up and down. Then she changed the subject. \'93I\'92ll ask nicely. Please may I borrow that book?\'94\
\'93Sorry, no can do, your Grace. Contrary to popular belief, I didn\'92t write the rules.\'94\
\'93Then I\'92ll take the long route.\'94 She picked up 
\f0\i Salt and Brimstone and Undead Beings
\f1\i0 . \'93Thank you for the tip.\'94\
\'93Maybe next time it\'92ll be more than the tip,\'94 Asmodeus picked up her wine goblet off the table and drained it in one gulp.\
She smirked.\
A droplet of wine ran down his lip onto his chin and he wiped it away with the back of his hand. \'93I look forward to this being a fulfilling partnership, if a longer one than I expected.\'94\
He put a warm, large hand on her clavicle, and then he was gone.\
It seemed at the end of the day, Asmodeus was, after all \'97 just a man. And men only wanted one thing. But she could use that. \
Besides, she had never met a man with an appetite larger than hers.}