{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Traitor\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 The following takes place at the first long rest after Session 25, on the night of the 18th day in Barovia.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
\
\
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 In the realm beyond waking, Magdalena dreams\'85
\f1\i0 \
\
You have just met Varian. You haven\'92t been around people for a very long time. You got cocky, and overwhelmed by common shades. He\'92s not even wearing his armour, but he\'92s standing over your body anyway. He picked up your sword, without a second thought.\
\

\f2\i \'93Maybe these are people I can put my faith in\'85\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 That same sword is now dripping with blood. Some of it your own. Some of it your enemies. The silver skull still hangs on a chain from the hilt. It glints as blood pools in the bottom of its eye sockets, its nostrils, between its teeth. You can feel the vampire magic coursing through your veins, mowing down enemies left and right, the fickle puppet strings of Asmodeus guiding you into dodging at just the right moment. You snap your fingers, and summon your cloud of fey bats.\
\
They know you, they\'92re linked to your soul. They know who is an enemy, and who is a friend.\
\
Varian walks through them undisturbed, his red eyes glinting in the night.\
\
But you know now. You know those daggers come with poison. It\'92s too late, you\'92ve told the bats he\'92s safe. You have to run, run, get away \'97 but now you\'92re back under Yester Hill, slipsliding down as the earth crumbles under you, your footing slipping, you\'92re falling and Arlo and Jeremiah are gone, it\'92s only him, watching you fall\'85\
\
You\'92re tumbling through blackness, and Asmodeus whispers in your ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 \'93Hungry eyes and gossamer thread\'85 \
Will Arachne\'92s web be your death bed?\
For all you\'92ve done and all you\'92ve said,\
I think I\'92m losing my girl in red\'85\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 And then the only sound in the dark is your own breathing. You\'92re alone. Again. Alone. Like always. But you feel so exposed now, you\'92ve let those parts of you relax and now you\'92re vulnerable.\
\
Enemies come in the darkness, unseen, in their thousands. Asmodeus is nowhere, it\'92s just you and the sword and hordes of creatures in the dark. You dance and dance, a dance of death, the sword glinting as it crosses the single beam of moonlight. No sound but the huffing of breath, and the screeching of undead monsters.\
\
You lock the sword with the maw of a creature, right between its teeth. If you\'92d just been faster you could\'92ve stabbed it through the roof of the mouth, but it\'92s too late. Let up for even a moment, and you\'92re finished.\
\
You\'92ve nothing, no-one. Everyone left you. You\'92ve only got two hands and the hordes are still coming. There\'92s no end to them.\
\
You feel a hand on your shoulder, and for a moment you think it\'92s Asmodeus, you smile, turn \'97\
\
The gleaming white smile of a drow, vicious and sadistic. He pulls you back, lunges with the ragged shattered hilt of the sun sword, and slices your throat with it.\
\
You try to speak, but your throat is open like a coin purse. You\'92re gushing, burbling red, vision wavering as Varian wipes your viscera from the hilt with Arlo\'92s tattered handkerchief.\
\
You start the slow, final fall to the ground.\
\
__\
\
Magda sat bolt upright, panting for breath. She looked around frantically, then fumbled with her nightgown, checking her neck, she was sure, she was sure, she could still feel the blood soaking her front\'85\
\
Nothing. Just unbroken skin. She forced herself to calm, lower her breathing.\
\
\'93Just a nightmare\'85 just a nightmare\'85\'94 she said to herself. Her eyes fell on the new rapier. The spider on the hilt, so realistic it almost looked like it would crawl up your arm if you picked the sword up.\
\
That was his symbol now. He\'92d decided it was more important than they were. So it seemed poetic justice \'97 she was going to use it to kill him.\
\
She lifted her scabbard from her pile of discarded clothes by her pack, and drew Mercy Killing. She looked at how the silvered blade reflected the moonlight, one last time. And then she unwrapped the chain of her unholy symbol from the basket hilt, and put the sword away, picking up the spider blade. \
\
\'93I\'92m going to call you Traitor,\'94 she said to it, as she hung the chain over the tarantula hilt. \'93We\'92re going to do terrible things.\'94\
\
She put Traitor in the scabbard, and sat back down on her bedroll. She looked around the camp once more.\
\
Arabelle was on watch, mumbling or singing to herself or something.\
\
\'93Hey!\'94 Magda hissed. \'93Some of us are trying to sleep!\'94 She threw her pillow.\
\
Arabelle flumped under the impact of the pillow, then looked back up at her, screwing up her nose. She threw the pillow back.\
\
Magda caught it, and curled up into a tiny ball of rage, punching it into shape as she went back to sleep.}