{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 EBGaramond-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 EBGaramond-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 EBGaramond-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 EBGaramond-Italic_Bold-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Day 15 after the party arrive in Barovia, when they break into the Abbey of St. Markovia in Kresk\
(Of course, anything at the end which contradicts what happens in the next session makes this not canon.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 Surrounded on all sides, Magda bore her sword. Hissed and spat. The light burned her vampire eyes, the holy water in her clothes burned her skin.\
\
Jeremiah was already down. They were all exhausted. Five of these glowing orbs, swarming the party like locusts. She should\'92ve done something. Anything. Planned better. Said something. Her unholy symbol rang on her sword, her power all but spent.\
\
The light of the creatures blinded her, and she gripped her consciousness tight. So tight, it choked. She felt herself begin to fall, but the darkness took her before she hit the ground.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 turn off your mind, relax and float downstream / it\'92s not dying, it\'92s not dying\
lay down all thoughts, surrender to the void / it is shining, it is shining\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf2 \'93Hello darling.\'94\
\
Roderigo smiled that vulpine grin of his. His military jacket gleamed in the space. It wasn\'92t light so much as it was just out of focus. The world a smear in the lens of a telescope.\
\
\'93What the hell are you doing here?\'94\
\
He extended his arm. \'93Dancing, of course.\'94\
\
She was wearing the dress she\'92d been wearing at the Vallaki masquerade. She took his arm, and he waltzed her around the space at breakneck speed. She could hear the violins \'97 lilting, distant. \'93All this trouble, and my dear husband couldn\'92t make it?\'94\
\
\'93I don\'92t think you could bear to look at him,\'94 Roderigo said. \'93So it\'92s me instead.\'94\
\
\'93What?\'94 she hesitated, when he spun her. The dress splayed across her vision, a twisting flame as this psychosomatic world swivelled on its axis relative to her. She felt the urge to throw up, to stop, but she was spinning faster, and faster\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf2 that you may see the meaning of within / it is being, it is being\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Where was she? What was this place? It darkened, and continued to spin like the vacuum of the heavens. A single point of starlight in an empty void.\
\
And then she landed in a pair of hands, a hundred feet across. She looked up, dizzy, and saw Asmodeus\'92 face looming over her. The smile sat cruelly under his diamond cheekbones. \'93I told you\'85 your soul would be mine sooner or later.\'94\
\
She wanted to stab him, claw at his hands with her fingers, scream \'91not yet\'92. But she found she didn\'92t have the energy.\
\
And then she felt herself being lifted, an arm under her knees and under her back, a friendly voice, distant. 
\f2\i0 \'93Come on, old girl.\'94
\f0\i \
\
Asmodeus disappeared as though sucked into a black hole away from her, grasping for her but getting nothing. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf2 that love is all and love is everyone / it is knowing, it is knowing\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 She was standing under an apple tree, not far from home. The next two hundred and fifty years hadn\'92t happened yet. Her summer holiday and the fields of Iliadvar tumbled out infinitely like a fan opening. Infinite possibilities. She hadn\'92t felt like this in so long.\
\
From a distance, her brother called. She ignored him. Tucked her hair behind her ears, turning the page on her book. He\'92d be there later. There would be time later.\
\
She leaned back into the apple tree like a lover\'92s chest, sighing in gratitude. Life was good. Life was good.\
\
Life was good.\
\
A familiar arm around her shoulders, propping her up. She could feel the potion slipping past her lips. Bringing her back. She tried to turn, but her body was elsewhere. In that moment she wanted to cry out, to push away, to surrender herself to nothing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf2 \
but listen to the colour of your dreams / it\'92s not living, it\'92s not living\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \'93No\'85\'94 she said, as she opened her eyes. \'93Please\'85\'94\
\
Arlo and Varian were looking down at her as if they were worried she\'92d pass out again.\
\
She hadn\'92t allowed herself to think about it, but in that moment she realised on some level she probably didn\'92t want to keep going.}