{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Shortly after the Battle of Burning Sun, 11 days after the arrival of the party in Barovia\
\
(Hopefully none of this is contradicted by the upcoming episode. In theory this will happen right after we investigate the Manor.)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 It was the first time they\'92d been able to stop in days. The little room in the inn was as pokey as ever, but it was warm, and the sheets were freshly changed. Magda wiped the back of her forehead, and a caked mess of fresh sweat and stale blood came off.\
\
She put her sword and the holy symbol on the desk, and set the shower going, to let the water warm up.\
\
\'93Oh.\'94 She looked up at the window, and saw a familiar face poking in from the cold. A little forked tongue whispered at the air, as a large white-and-yellow snake tilted its head to see in at her.\
\
She opened the window for it. \'93How did you get here?\'94 She lifted the enormous snake in through the window and balanced it in her arms as she looked at it for\'85 she wasn\'92t sure. Signs it wasn\'92t the snake she thought it was. Signs it was hurt? \'93It 
\f0\i is
\f1\i0  you, isn\'92t it?\'94\
\
A hand on her shoulder. \'93You\'92ve grown stronger here,\'94 came Asmodeus\'92 firm, silky voice.\
\
\'93Yes, I have,\'94 she said. The warmth of human contact almost made her roll into it, like a cat. \'93Though not in the way I intended.\'94\
\
A chuckle, tickling the back of her neck. \'93Very rarely do things work out the way we intend. You may be playing into Strahd\'92s game, but this benefits us also.\'94\
\
\'93How did you get here?\'94\
\
\'93I\'92m not here. But now that you\'92re stronger, I can send you some help,\'94 Asmodeus said. \'93You remember Eden?\'94\
\
\'93Oh, how could I forget?\'94 she lifted the enormous snake like it was a baby, and gave it little kisses.\
\
\'93He\'92s going to help you for now.\'94\
\
Eden slithered over her shoulder and onto the bed, curling up in a ball.\
\
\'93Thank you,\'94 she said. She turned, and there was no-one standing there. Possibly, there never had been.\
\
She sat down on the edge of the bed, and Eden turned his head to look at her.\
\
\'93I\'92m glad he didn\'92t send the hell hounds,\'94 she said. \'93They would be too dense to understand this. Eden, I need you to make sure I don\'92t start making excuses. I can feel myself already, coming up with reasons why it would be justified. Never again.\'94\
\
The snake on the bed hissed, stretching its long neck over to the fruit bowl on the bedside table. It plucked a shining red apple in its mouth, and passed it to Magda.\
\
She held the apple in her hand, looking at her reflection in its perfect red skin. The colour of it hid the blood coating her face.\
\
She ran her finger over the apple, and looked up at the snake before she saw the steam starting to pour out of the bathroom.\
\
Absent-mindedly, she took a bite out of the apple, and got up to shower the blood off.}