{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11909\paperh16834\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The following takes place following Session 27 \'97 Day 25 since the party arrived in Barovia.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs40 \cf2 Prologue (From Downtime Chat 21st - 23rd June)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 In the early hours of the morning, Stella stops by the Inn, searching for Magda.\
\'93Your name, it sounded so familiar to me. Forgive me, but I looked through my mother\'92s old records of nobility, and there you were, Magdalena de Luna. How you are here after all this time\'85 It had your birth date, and well, happy birthday. Blinksy helped me engrave it.\'94\
She reaches out her hand, offering a silver ring marked with the seal of Iliadvar.\
Magda holds the ring in her hand, memories swimming. \'93This means\'85 more than you know, young lady.\'94 She thumbs the seal of Iliadvar with her thumb. \'93It\'85 if I didn\'92t know any better, I would say this was my original engagement ring.\'94\
She works it onto her wedding ring finger, and wraps the girl in a hug. \'93Now that day\'85 that was a story. Those poor bridesmaids\'85\'94 She disengages, and holds her ring finger in her hand, feeling the weight of the ring.\
She laughs. \'93Goodness. I\'92d forgotten there was a day before I took his name. His seal.\'94 She smiles at Stella. \'93Thank you. And pass my thanks to Blinksy.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Arabelle is eating her breakfast at a close by table, and can\'92t help but overhear the conversation. She stands up and moves towards Magda, casting druidcraft to create a crown of red roses.\
\'93Oh Magda, happy birthday!\'94 she places the crown on Magda\'92s head. \'93My mum always said we are queens of the day on our birthday, and deserve a crown to show it. Red really suits you.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Magda, completely unable to avoid Further Birthday Conversation, coughs. \'93Th\'85 thank you.\'94 She puts the roses on her head. If she could blush, she would. She runs her finger over the ring again. \'93So much has changed\'85\'94 she says to herself. \'93Oh, if the dead could speak, yes?\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Arabelle shivers visibly, her eyes glazing over, and whispers \'93But sometimes they do\'85\'94\
She shakes herself back into focus. \'93Brr! Speaking of which.\'94\
She turns to Stella, \'93Lady Watcher, I haven\'92t introduced myself. My name is Arabelle, I have a farm just outside Krezk and have joined Magda and the others in their adventures.\
\'93I\'85 have visions, sometimes, and they\'92re never very clear. But they\'92ve been getting more frequent and\'85 disturbing.\'94 she says, her face growing more concerned as she speaks.\
\'93I had one this morning, of the Captain of the Guard, in that recent fire, with the bodies.\'94\
She eyes Stella, looking for recognition of the event. Gathering some courage, she puffs herself up and puts on a serious face. \'93More pain and destruction are brewing, Lady Watcher. I want to help!\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Magda looks worried. "What do you mean, bodies?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 "There was a fire two nights ago, at one of the houses up the hill. One of the ones marked with a silver eye..." Arabelle shifts from foot to foot, looking uncomfortable. "Three bodies were found."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 "Oh no, that's horrible... There's still that level of violence in the city? I know you'd said that there was unrest, Stella, but I didn't think people were still being killed." Magda adjusts her rose crown. "Arabelle is right, anything we can do to help."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Arabelle's eyes glaze over again, she looks into the middle distance, recalling her vision. "There was more to my vision... I saw a woman, a half-elf, speaking to a crowd. They were at an inn... The sign was of a knight's helm, severed, bleeding... The woman\'92s name was very clear in the vision. Mordesh."\
"I would greatly appreciate your help, Magda. You are respected here, I am no one. Would you come find the Captain with me?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 "Please. If you were no-one I would not be speaking to you." Magda smiles. "Of course." She takes Stella by the hand once more. "Thank you again for the ring. It... shone a light on the events of the last few days."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 One final note from Magda (as I assume the scene is ending): Eden slithers in through the window, resummoned with Find Familiar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs24 \cf2 Stella squeezes Magda's hand, smiling. "I am glad you enjoyed the gift."\
She looks at Arabelle, bows her head in recognition. "Although I am Lady Watcher, that name carries a weight that I don't care for. Please, call me Stella.\
"Yes, I have heard of tensions rising in the city. Those who stood with my mother, who either approved of her plans or were too scared to oppose her, are now being targeted. My mother made it easy for them, marking their doors with her sigil.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 "That inn you saw in your vision, I'm sure you mean the Knight's Head. Please, go find Alek and tell him what you saw."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Chapter One (Taanit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Holding arms, Magda and Arabelle leave the Blue Water Inn. It was still early morning and the air outside was cold and humid. A crow, perched on the sign above the front door, caws at the two of them and takes flight.\
\'93
\f3\i Haste.\'94\

\f2\i0 \'93I suppose we should trust the crows and follow?\'94 Arabelle asks.\
Magda shrugs, starting in the direction the crow flew towards. \'93Why they don\'92t just tell us what they want and where to go, like normal people, beats me. Does everything have to be a riddle?\'94\
Arabelle smiles. \'93I don\'92t know what you mean.\'94\
Walking through the streets of Vallaki, Arabelle thinks back to her vision. Alek, searching the burned down house; three bodies lying scorched and deformed. A tavern ripe with unhappy folk; a half-elven woman speaking to them, full of anger. \
Arabelle didn\'92t always understand her visions. They were usually fragmented, unfocused, chaotic. It was hard to tell if they were still to happen, or already had. But sometimes, very rarely, parts of them felt very clear.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 Mordesh\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 Yes, Arabelle was sure that was the half-elf\'92s name. Maybe knowing it would help the captain stop these attacks on people\'92s homes.\
Following the crow, the two women found themselves walking up the hill. It had been a long time since Arabelle was last in Vallaki, and she certainly wouldn\'92t have come to this neighbourhood. \
It had been rare for her family to come to the city. They didn\'92t often need to, and the roads were too dangerous to be worth the trip. Plus, Arabelle was an unruly child. The tears on her clothes and scrapes on her knees were a testament to that. So, it was rarer still for them to bring Arabelle with them. But lately, since 
\f3\i the dream
\f2\i0 , her mum had started treating Arabelle differently, taking her more seriously. So, they went to Vallaki together. Arabelle would never forget that day.\
The first time she saw the market she was flooded by smells, colours and noises. From fresh buttery pastries to musky incense, from dark clothed figures to bright Vistani stalls, from merchants shouting their business to beggars moaning quietly. Her mum had gone to the Vistani, trading rare plants she harvested from the mountains around their farm in Krezk for others you can\'92t find in Barovia. That was when she got Arabelle the amber-encased Nightshade she still wore as a necklace.\
After the market, they had gone to arrange a room at The Blue Water Inn, where they would stay the night before travelling back home the next day. What an exciting night it had turned out to be! Her mum had woken her up in the dead of night and, in a cloak of shadows, they snuck out into the streets to meet a Vistani woman, who led them into her camp. And there\'85 she had met Madame Eva.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 \'93We share a gift, little one. It won\'92t always feel like a gift. At times, it might scare you. You might feel lost, and that is because you hold a tether to the lost, and the tether is slight and fragile, a thread that could break from weather or wind or time. \
\'93Your work is to keep growing and bloom in your small bright life. You cannot change the forest even as you see the animals tearing into each other\'92s bodies there. You bring peace to the forest by glowing palely in your beauty.\
\'93Be well, and beware.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 Bringing herself back to the present, Arabelle smiled and touched the pouch where she kept her Tarokka deck. That had been the best gift she\'92d gotten that day. \
Looking around, Arabelle noticed that the higher up the hill they walked, the grander the houses looked. So many of them were destroyed or abandoned; some had a silver eye on their front doors, and those looked the least damaged. In the faint, mist-filtered light of the morning, they looked sad and void of life. Peeking from one of the windows, Arabelle saw a pair of mistrustful eyes, following her as she passed.\
\'93Not very friendly, folk up here, are they?\'94 Arabelle asked, as a shiver ran down her spine.\
\'93Would you be?\'94 Magda asked back.\
As Arabelle opened her mouth to respond, Magda cut her off, raising a hand. \'93You\'92re a special case. I honestly don\'92t understand how you\'92re so\'85 cheery. Boravia doesn\'92t exactly encourage solidarity. The Devil seems to enjoy his people\'92s misery, and he knows there is strength in numbers. He can\'92t have that.\'94\
\'93But didn\'92t the people stand together against Fiona Watcher? That\'92s how you won!\'94\
\'93Survival instincts aren\'92t enough to create a community. You can see for yourself. As soon as that threat was over, people found a way of segregating themselves again.\'94\
Still following the crow, Arabelle thought back to Madame Eva\'92s words. 
\f3\i \'93Your work is to keep growing and bloom in your small bright life.\'94 
\f2\i0 But she didn\'92t want her life to be small anymore.\
The crow landed on a streetlamp, flapped his wings, and cawed one last time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 \'93Here. Wait for Alek.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 \'93Thank you!\'94 Arabelle waved, as the crow flew away.\
Magda and Arabelle were standing in front of a burned down house, its roof and most of the second floor collapsed. Oddly, the front door was almost intact, a silver eye staring back.\
Soon enough, a tall figure with broad shoulders walked up the street, straight towards the two women.\
\'93Alek, how lucky to find you here.\'94 said Magda as the captain of the guard approached.\
\'93Very rarely anything happens because of luck in this town.\'94 Alek straightened the collar of his cloak up. He looked comfortable in his stiff dark blue guard\'92s uniform, the gold rim around his collar indicating he was in charge.\
\'93This is Arabelle. She has something she wants to tell you.\'94\
Blushing, Arabelle stepped forward and bowed, \'93Captain, we met briefly the night I arrived at the Blue Water Inn. I have been travelling with Magda and the others, wanting to help. You see, I\'85\'94 She eyed Magda, looking for encouragement.\
Magda rolled her eyes and gestured to her to keep talking.\
\'93I have visions. Sometimes.\'94 Clearing her throat and pulling herself together, Arabelle continued, \'93And I had one this morning. Of you, captain, looking through this house, finding three bodies. But there was more! I saw this tavern, the Knight\'92s Head? And there was this woman talking to a crowd there, riling them up. And her name was Mordesh.\'94 Having blurted this out, Arabelle breathed a sigh of relief.\
\'93What does an angry woman have to do with this?\'94 asked Alek.\
\'93The visions aren\'92t always clear, captain, but this one\'85 I know it\'92s connected. The townsfolk, they\'92re angry. And those silver eyes are like a bullseye, marking where to strike next. I mean, look at this house, it\'92s barely standing as it is. But the door and the eye were left intact, as a sign.\
\'93I thought it could be useful information on finding out who attacked this house. Maybe Mordesh has been organising them, leading the folks who want to strike back at those who stood with Fiona Watcher.\'94\
\'93We came to offer our help, dear. Perhaps we can find this Mordesh and persuade against violence before the situation escalates further.\'94 said Magda.\
\'93Very well. I came to have another look at the building, hoping to find more clues. Two fresh sets of eyes might be what I need. After you.\'94 Alek gestured towards the front door.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Chapter Two (Luke)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 The fire had burned out hours ago, and all that was left was a smouldering blackened wreck, but the smell of smoke clung so thick it could have still been billowing.\
\
Arabelle and Magda picked through the wreckage, daylight streaming through holes in the walls of the burnt-out foundation. \
\
\'93We can\'92t even identify the bodies,\'94 Alek said. He stood near the door like the place was unholy. \'93There were three bodies. Only two people live here, and they don\'92t look like the right sizes. We couldn\'92t\'85\'94 He stopped, sniffing deeply, collecting himself. \'93You can\'92t tell any features from what\'92s left.\'94 He scratched at his five o\'92 clock shadow. They could tell he hadn\'92t slept.\
\
\'93So you\'92ve got an extra person,\'94 Arabelle said.\
\
\'93At least one\'85\'94 Magda said. \'93Is anyone who lived here accounted for?\'94\
\
Alek shook his head. He looked at her like he was turning what she\'92d said over in his head, but before he could say anything, Arabelle chimed in, \'93Well, the third person is probably the one who started the fire, right?\'94\
\
\'93That\'92s our theory anyway,\'94 he said, with a pause. \'93And no. No-one accounted for. But, it\'92s not like we can take a census. There are a lot of people missing at the moment.\'94\
\
\'93That\'92s revolution for you,\'94 Magda said. She was squatting by a scorch mark in the centre of the room. \'93The bodies you found. Where were they?\'94\
\
\'93Two on the ground in kitchen, next to each other, and one lying where you\'92re standing, Arabelle. It looked like that one had been trying to get out.\'94\
\
Arabelle shivered, and stepped off where she was standing. \
\
Then she looked down. \'93Oh. You\'92re right.\'94 Once it was pointed out to her, she could see there was an outline on the ground, an inverted snow angel on the floorboards where the person had shielded the floor from the flames with their body.\
\
Magda peeked through to the other room before counting on her fingers. \'93One two three. Hm.\'94 She looked around the room, all business now before she confirmed, \'93This is the building that the fires started in?\'94\
\
Alek cleared his throat. \'93They started in a few places across town, but as far as we can tell, this was one of them.\'94\
\
Magda was still looking around the room. \'93Four,\'94 she said absently, looking up at the wall furthest from them.\
\
\'93What?\'94\
\
\'93One two three four.\'94 She stared at the wall intently.\
\
Alek looked confused.\
\
\'93Oh! You\'92re right, I see it!\'94 Arabelle said. \
\
Magda stood opposite the wall and raised her hands above her head as though she was following instructions.\
\uc0\u8232 \'93No, wait, hang on,\'94 Arabelle said. She rushed behind Magda and tried to adjust her arms into some position, but Magda brushed her away.\
\
\'93Stop that, don\'92t touch me,\'94 she snapped.\
\
\'93Sorry,\'94 Arabelle drew her hands away like she was on fire. Magda brushed her shoulder and went back to what she was doing.\
\
\'93Sorry, what?\'94 Alek raised an eyebrow.\
\
\'93Look,\'94 Arabelle said. She brought Alek back to the very edge of the room by the shattered window pane, and suddenly it came into focus.\
\
The entire back wall of the room had that same scorch mark, blown up to scale. Like someone standing in the center of the room had cast a shadow onto the wall from a bright light.\
\
\'93There was a fourth person in the room. Someone didn\'92t just set the building on fire\'85\'94 Alek said. \'93They blew it up.\'94\
\
\'93Something powerful enough to incinerate a human body on contact,\'94 Magda said. \'93Believe me, I know angry mobs. You don\'92t get that kind of blast with a molotov cocktail. It must have been some kind of bomb, or a--\'94\
\
\'93Or a Fireball spell!\'94 Arabelle said. \'93A powerful one.\'94\
\
\'93You think a mage did this?\'94 Alek scrunched up his face. \'93I mean, it would narrow it down to a handful of people. But who among them would have motive?\'94\
\
\'93Arabelle dear, would you stand where I\'92m standing?\'94 Magda stepped away, and considered the room while Arabelle got into position. \'93What\'92s the range on a Fireball? One hundred and twenty feet?\'94\
\
\'93Hundred and fifty,\'94 Arabelle corrected.\
\
Magda stepped out of the front door, looking at the ground and counting her steps. At a hundred paces she stepped into view on the other side of the window, standing in the middle of the street. She raised a hand like a gun, closing one eye for line of sight down her finger and pointing it at Arabelle. \'93Looks about right.\'94\
\
Arabelle mimed being blown up in slow motion, flailing her arms slowly and making explosion sound effects.\
\
Alek coughed. \'93Arabelle, I knew these people well.\'94\
\
She cringed. \'93Sorry.\'94\
\
Magda stepped in. \'93I think we have your story.\'94\
\
Alek lit a cigar, giving himself a second to think about it while he looked around the room. The picture was coming together clearly now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 One person standing in the middle of the room, maybe mid-conversation. The other person is sitting in one of the chairs. The culprit is standing out in the street. A mote of light preceding a Fireball is shot through the window, collides with one person. Bang. They\'92re incinerated immediately. They probably don\'92t even hit the ground from the looks of it.\
\
From there the fire spreads, curtains, carpeting, the walls. And the other person in the room. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \
He followed their path across the floor to where the body had been found. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 \
Scrambling for the door, blind panic before succumbing to smoke inhalation, third degree burns, shock, and finally, death. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \
\'93Poor bastard didn\'92t stand a chance.\'94 He took another draw of the cigar, before pluming a chimney into the room. \'93Well spotted, ladies.\'94\
\
\'93So we\'92re looking for a mage with a lot of power,\'94 Arabelle said. \'93I don\'92t even think Jerry\'92s Fireballs could incinerate a person like that.\'94\
\
\'93I have some leads,\'94 Alek said. \'93You might want to check out\'97\'94\
\
\'93The Lower Gallows,\'94 Arabelle said. \'93Oh, man, I\'92ve wanted to go there for ages!\'94\
\
Magda blinked incredulously. \'93Lucky you.\'94\
\
Alek walked to the kitchen and peeked through the husk of a door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 Two bodies, on the floor, found within five feet of each other. No attempt at escape despite the building being on fire\'85
\f1\i0 \
\
\'93What happened with these two then?\'94 he said.\
\
Magda shrugged. \'93Maybe they didn\'92t notice until it was too late. Smoke kills more people than fire.\'94\
\
\'93But why were they here in the first place?\'94\
\
Arabelle peeked in. Other than the large oak table and the range cooker, the whole place had been burned to a crisp. \'93Maybe they had people over for dinner?\'94 Then she grabbed Magda\'92s arm.\
\
\'93I told you not t--\'94 Magda started to protest, but then saw Arabelle\'92s face. Staring off into the distance. Panicked, sharp breaths. Her eyes were wide but she was grabbing Magda like she couldn\'92t see. \'93Arabelle?\'94\
\
Arabelle started to hyperventilate, rocking back and forth.\
\
\'93Arabelle? Can you hear me? Arabelle?\'94\
\

\f0\i \'93The boy bargains with powers he does not understand,\'94
\f1\i0  Arabelle said, but it wasn\'92t her voice. Her vocal cords strained under the weight of all the knowledge passing through her, deep and groaning. 
\f0\i \'93He will offer the devil a dance, but he does not know the cost it will extract!\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \'93Arabelle?\'94 Magda shook the girl, but it made no difference. \'93Arabelle, who is the boy?\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 \'93Death, death, only death! Fire and ashes and burning, fire, fire\'85\'94 
\f1\i0 she started to trail off, and then her eyes came back into focus.\
\
\'93Arabelle?\'94\
\
\'93Yeah\'85\'94 she was blinking like she was just waking up after a night\'92s sleep. She looked around, dazed. \'93Oh, I did it again, didn\'92t I\'85\'94\
\
\'93You talked about a boy. Bargaining with\'85 Strahd?\'94\
\
\'93Viktor\'85\'94 Arabelle said. She clutched her head as the migraine started to kick in. \'93It was Viktor\'85 he\'92s going to try to make the Devil a bargain.\'94\
\
Magda\'92s face furrowed with rage. \'93That stupid, stupid child. Oh, now it\'92s personal.\'94\
\
Arabelle grinned. \'93You deal with Viktor, I deal with the witchy stuff?\'94\
\
\'93Stop talking like we are buddy cops.\'94\
\
\'93Buddy cops!\'94 she clapped. \'93I\'92ll see you tonight!\'94 She rushed off.\
\
Magda sighed. \'93Not if I see you first\'85\'94\
\
Alek watched the two of them go off in separate directions, and stood by the door of the burnt out husk. There was more going on than he was aware of, and he didn\'92t like that feeling. He took another drag of his cigar.\
\
It was going to be a long night.}