# Session 4 - 26th June 2021

[[Jeremiah]] casts Invisibility on himself, and investigates the mill. There are two children shackled in the roof, their chains tied to the wall imprinted with an eye. He leaves them, unsure how to help them, and investigates the cottage as well.

The two [[hags]] inside think Mog is bossy, they want younger children for their recipe.

The party impliment the plan, [[Varian]] going to free the children. [[Jeremiah]] notices that the mirror in the cottage allows them to spy through the eye at the last minute, and prepares to cast Shatter on it. [[Varian]] throws his cloak over the eye, and when the [[hags]] go to look at the mirror, [[Jeremiah]] hits them both with the Hypnotic Pattern [[Radu]] gave them.

Both of them are dazed for a minute, giving [[Varian]] time to free the children. But the second the party converge on one, it shakes the other awake, who is right by them.

By blipping into the Ethereal Plane, they are able to escape a lot of damaging effects. They knock the children out, and but the party are able to stop them stealing them.

[[Ireena]] takes the children and runs in the middle of the combat.

[[Rose]] is incapacitated in some way, trapped under a spell of the [[hags]].

The party manage to nearly kill one hag and badly wound the other, however they escape. We investigate the cottage, before burning it down. In doing so, [[Varian]] gets three vials: "Youth, Laughter, and Mother's Milk". There's also a book with a map of Barovia and a list of names.

[[Ireena]] gets us to go to Vallaki with the children, who we discover are named Myrtle and Freak (no I'm not spelling it in any other way). [[Arlo]] reassures them they will be ok, and gives them an amulet to hold onto, gaining inspiration for doing so.
*see [[Freek and Myrtle]]*

[[Varian]] walks away from the group, with the idea that the [[hags]] are still watching us from the Ethereal Plane. He tries to bargain with the [[hags]], to trade their book for [[Rose]]. The [[hags]] burn the book in [[Varian]]'s hand and cackle into the night. 

We ride through the night to Vallaki. [[Ireena]], [[Arlo]] and [[Jeremiah]] fail the Constitution save and take a point of exhaustion. We are thirty minutes from Vallaki when we're interrupted by a flash of blue energy, and a man with an emo fringe is being chased up the road by a beaky tentacle monster of some kind.

**We end the session with [[Magda]] on 17 HP, [[Jeremiah]] on 18 HP, [[Varian]] on 7 HP, and [[Arlo]] on 49 HP.**

## Session 4 Downtime [[Varian]] Whispers

After trying in vain to make a connection with [[Rose]], [[Varian]] reaches out as before and finds the now familiar dwarfish man. Herrotir tells of a force answering to [[Varian]]'s search of [[Rose]], and is scared of it.