# Session 5 - 2nd July 2021

The party defeat the beaky tentacle monster, along with turning a number of zombies in order to escape. The man who was fleeing leads us to the gates of Vallaki, and though initially the guards are not happy to let us through, they recognise him. He is [[Viktor]] Vallakovich, the son of the [[Baron]].

We meet one of his guards, Alec - a hooded figure. [[Viktor]] has been leaving the city walls to practice magic, trying to escape Barovia, but has had no success. Alec is unsurprised by this.

We are told some information about the city - that there are patrols of the walls called the [[Watchers]], who don't fight but keep the enchantment up to keep back the encroaching mists and undead.

We follow [[Ireena]] to the Bluewater in the center of the city, initially getting lost after it proves to be a very large. The people smile when we see them, but it seems forced.

We meet a group of people who are in the stocks with gags on their faces to make them look like they're always smiling. They're being punished for speaking out about local customs about policies and measures of how the city functions within Ravenloft.

After [[Ireena]] asks for directions, we walk for 45 minutes before arriving at the Bluewater, where we get rooms. 

[[Arlo]], asking about the wine list, finds out the barkeep's cousin provides the wine but that the barkeep hasn't heard from him and is worried.

With that, the party settles in to engage in much-needed downtime and a rest in the city of Vallaki.

**The party end the session with Magda on 1 HP, Jeremiah on 18, Varian on 13, and [[Arlo]] on 40(+1d10 second wind) - but will presumably gain the benefits of a short/long rest before playing again.**


## After Session 5 Downtime Varian 

During the night a voice tells Varian they have found [[Rose]]. They offer to help, but first he must defeat the one who came before him. It says He is a failure, not worthy of Lolth, and his strength can now be yours…