{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil Courier New;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Roboto;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf1\i\f0\fs24 Castle Eclipsis, the Citadel of Iliadvar\par
Some two hundred and fifty years ago\'85\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\i0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 The banging on the gates grew louder, screams of soldiers that had been eating like pigs for days.\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\ldblquote They\rquote re breaking through, your Grace!\rdblquote  Aleksandr shouted.\par
Magdalena lifted a broadsword from the wall. Her father\rquote s broadsword.\par
It was as good a weapon as any to die holding.\par
\ldblquote I had always said, hadn\rquote t I? That it wouldn\rquote t be the undead that killed us, but the vultures who come to pick at the scraps.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you finished the evacuation?\rdblquote  she said, looking at how the torchlight glinted from the reflection, her face in the polished hilt.\par
\ldblquote If you can call it that,\rdblquote  Aleksandr said. \ldblquote Ten people. Two years ago we had thousands.\rdblquote  He was fighting back tears.\par
Magdalena put a hand on her friend\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote We did everything we could. This wasn\rquote t our fault.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell that to my brother, wandering around outside, mumbling about brains.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Make sure you don\rquote t join him. Go. Follow the party out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\'85 You say that like you\rquote re not coming.\rdblquote\par
Magdalena paused at the door. \ldblquote You seem to have forgotten. For today, I\rquote m still the queen. Captain goes down with the ship, darling.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Magda!\rdblquote  he shouted, but she was already gone.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qc #\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 Her heart pounded in her chest as she climbed the ladder onto the parapets, her boots catching on the rungs. The gate was all but splinters now, but it only needed to hold for another minute or so.\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1 She grabbed a torch from the wall. \ldblquote Parasites!\rdblquote  she shouted over the crowd. \ldblquote Hear me now!\rdblquote\par
Down the other side of the wall, thirty men in mail rammed the gates with battering rams.\par
A few years ago, it would\rquote ve been suicide for them. Now, they were coming to claim an empty house.\par
A few spectators up the back spotted her, and pointed. \ldblquote There she is!\rdblquote\par
She tried to stand in the most commanding stance she had, but she\rquote d never been a war general. \ldblquote You\rquote ve watched our country suffer, let us turn on one another rather than help! You let the undead plague grow to fill your coffers! So I give you one warning! You wanted this castle, you\rquote ll pay for it with your blood!\rdblquote\par
And she dropped the torch over the edge.\par
It hit oil. Or gunpowder. Something, a magic in the grounds that had been there since before she was born, took. The flames ran around the edge of the castle, and then began to climb. A pentagram of flame engulfed the structure.\par
Magda raised her arms into the air, watching the smoke rise into the air like incense. The heat was like a wall, and she smiled as the assailants started to scream, their skin bubbling and crackling like kindling.\par
\ldblquote Even God wouldn\rquote t want your souls!\rdblquote  she shouted, inhaling smoke.  There would be nothing left but ash.\par
She screamed, as she started to burn.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qc #\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i\ldblquote Magdalena de Luna\'85\rdblquote\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\i0\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote\par
Darkness. Smoke. Vapour. The smell burned her nostrils.\par
\i\ldblquote Magdalena\'85\rdblquote\par
\i0 The voice was deep and whispering, and Magda couldn\rquote t tell where it was coming from.\par
She stood up, and reached for her sword. How had she gotten here?\par
\i\ldblquote Do you wish to fly, Magda?\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote It\rquote s \lquote your Grace\rquote  to you,\rdblquote  she said.\par
The voice laughed, wheezing like a dead animal\rquote s lung deflating. It made Magda\rquote s skin crawl.\par
\i\ldblquote I\rquote d like to thank you for the sacrifice. It whetted my appetite\'85 for a moment.\rdblquote\par
\i0 A clammy hand rested on her shoulder and she jumped, but when she looked, there was nobody there.\par
She swallowed. \ldblquote You.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote Yes\'85\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote So I\rquote m dead,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Well. It was a good life.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote Not a long one though,\rdblquote\i0  Asmodeus said. \i\ldblquote Such a shame you could not do everything you\rquote d hoped for. You had such fire in you.\rdblquote\par
\i0 She gripped the sword tighter. \ldblquote I have no regrets.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote The plague is ravaging your country still.\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote It\rquote s not my country anymore. It died with me.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote Such a pity no-one has the strength to extinguish the zombie horde.\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote Get to the point, Lord of the Damned.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote You\rquote re not actually dead yet, my dear,\rdblquote  \i0 Asmodeus said. \i\ldblquote Though nearly. Very nearly. In the Material Plane, your body is still burning. Though not beyond the power of one such as me to restore.\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote What do you want?\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote Your life.\rdblquote\par
\i0\ldblquote I already gave you it.\rdblquote\par
\i\ldblquote No, no, no,\rdblquote  he purred. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want you to die for me. I want you to live for me. I want you to look at me, in the face, and tell me you\rquote ll carry me in your heart.\rdblquote\par
\i0 A figure emerged from the fog. Tall, and thin, and clad in red. His eyes burned like coals in a skull that floated over his body.\par
\i\ldblquote I\rquote ll take your soul at the end. But in the meantime, you wipe out those undead in my name. Send them back to me. Bring order.\rdblquote\par
\i0 Around them, visions of zombies, climbing over her homeland. Of it being carved into pieces by nobles who had waited for her country to die.\par
\i\ldblquote Do we have a deal?\rdblquote\i0\par
Magdalena shook the devil\rquote s hand.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qc #\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i 20 years later\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\i0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 Dying. Again. Bleeding out by the side of the road like a vagrant. Just another vampire spawn, one of hundreds over the years.\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1 It was no way for a lady of good breeding to die, she thought.\par
She clasped the unholy symbol of Asmodeus around her belt, for all the good it would do her. Her Channel Divinity was burned, her magic reserves depleted.\par
She pushed the corpse of the vampire spawn off of her, pulling the stake from its heart before clasping her hand to the wound.\par
She clambered to her feet, just in time to see the sun starting to crest the horizon.\par
She smiled. Unbelievable.\par
Once again, against all odds, she lived to see another day.\par
And just when she was wondering to herself how she\rquote d managed not to bleed out, the first beam of morning sunlight warmed her skin.\par
She began to burn.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qc #\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\ldblquote You\rquote re not allowed to sleep here, young lady,\rdblquote  the old librarian man said. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, you\rquote re going to have to go to the church.\rdblquote\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1 Magda was lying bundled in a cloak in a chair in the corner, but she bolted up in fear at the voice. \ldblquote No. Not the church. I can\rquote t.\rdblquote  She\rquote d been travelling for days, and even these vampire limbs were exhausted.\par
\ldblquote Whatever you\rquote ve done, I\rquote m sure the priest will overlook it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not what I\rquote ve done\'85\rdblquote  she said.\par
The old man sat down on the recliner next to her. \ldblquote I know how it feels to not have the blessing of the church.\rdblquote\par
She gulped, curled herself up tighter. She\rquote d never been afraid to die, until now. Fear sat uncomfortably on her like a new lover.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know who I am now.\rdblquote\par
He nodded, sagely despite the lack of context.\par
\ldblquote Please,\rdblquote  she said.\par
He sighed, before relenting. \ldblquote One night.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe read a book,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It\rquote ll at least look like you\rquote re supposed to be here. Besides, it always makes \i me\i0  feel like I belong.\rdblquote  He lay back in his recliner, and began to doze.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qc #\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
She spent a solid two hours skimming through books on how to kill vampires.\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi660\sl276\slmult1 Who was she now? What good was she? She\rquote d given her soul for this life. This purpose. And now she was that she had spent her life\rquote s work hunting.\par
\i Vampires are immortal, driven only by the need for the blood of humans.\par
Vampires tend to come in broods \f1\emdash\f0  one vampire controlling many spawn.\par
Vampires reproduce by transforming humans into other vampires.\par
\i0 A realisation was starting to come over her.\par
She was immortal.\par
She could feel Asmodeus fizzing in anger inside her unholy symbol, and she smiled. He hadn\rquote t counted on this. Oh, he wasn\rquote t getting her soul for a \i long\i0  time.\par
Her soul was damned, multiple times over \f1\emdash\f0  but maybe some good could come of it.\par
\ldblquote Find what you\rquote re looking for?\rdblquote  the old man said, poking his head round the corner.\par
\ldblquote Not yet. But you\rquote re right. I don\rquote t feel so helpless now,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote My answers are in one of these books, and I\rquote m going to read through every single one until I find them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote ll take a while.\rdblquote  He gestured to the library. It seemed to stretch out beyond the horizon. The bookcases loomed over them, seemed to bend towards them, blocking out the light.\par
Magda smiled. \ldblquote I have nothing left but time now.\rdblquote  \i\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\i0\par
}
 