{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\cf1\i\f0\fs28\lang9 (Post-Session 26, just after it ticks into Day 24 in Barovia \emdash  Magda\rquote s bloodlust timer runs out)\par
\par
The following prelude is provided by our wonderful DM.\par
\par
_____\par
\i0\f1\par
\i\f0 Alek guides Shaun and Luca through the night:\par
\i0\f1\par
\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  Shaun says, \ldblquote I think I remember the way. Creepy looking place up by the church?\rdblquote\par
\par
Alek looks over his shoulder, \ldblquote That\rquote s the one, but I\rquote m not just concerned about yous getting lost. This town is restless. All those affluent folks that stood with the Watchers, well they\rquote re hiding away now in marked homes.\rdblquote\par
\par
He gestures towards a door, a silver eye burned into the wood.\par
\par
"This town nearly tore itself apart, but it\rquote s still hungry for blood. Wouldn\rquote t like to see yous getting caught up in it."\par
\par
There is shouting from the street over, the sound of smashing glass, and flames from a Molotov rise above the rooftops.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d think they\rquote d be sick of fire,\rdblquote  Alek draws his sword, \ldblquote we\rquote re almost there, just keep heading up hill, look for the eye. I better see to this.\rdblquote\par
\par
The two merchants hurry through the dark, they\rquote d escaped death once, but they could still feel its chill upon their necks.\par
\par
____\par
\par
\par
\b\i\f2 None Righteous, Not One\par
\par
\b0\i0\f1\par
Magda makes her excuses. She needs air, she needs to pray, some combination of the two. She\rquote ll see them later. She heads to her room, and then straight out the window.\par
\par
It\rquote s bitter cold out but she\rquote s sweating through her layers. Pale, clammy, she\rquote s been fighting the cravings for days.\par
\par
How had it snuck up on her? The deadline. She\rquote d known the deadline.\par
\i\f0\par
\i0\f1 She\rquote s stalking the rooftops now like an animal, a few more hours and she\rquote ll not be capable of thought. Her every cell burns, thirsts.\par
\par
And then she smells them.\par
\par
She\rquote d mostly meant it in jest earlier that day. But it has been a long time since she was so deep in the bloodlust that she could make out someone\rquote s scent from three streets away.\par
\par
Alek is with them. \par
\par
She hunches low on the rooftop, hidden in its shadow. For a moment, the bright flash of an explosion illuminates the street, and Magda pushes herself into a gargoyle\rquote s shadow. But they\rquote re too busy looking at the fire\rquote s source.\par
\par
Alek says something \emdash  she should be able to hear it with her sharpened senses, but her blood is pounding in her ears. He leaves them in the street.\par
\par
Completely defenceless.\par
\par
They look afraid. Terrified. They know they\rquote re being watched.\par
\par
And Magda \i\f0 smiles\i0\f1 .\par
\par
She shakes herself. Two hundred years of conditioning. She couldn\rquote t\'85 she couldn\rquote t. They\rquote re innocent. Their lives are sacred. She knew this would happen. She tried to warn them. Lady Watcher wouldn\rquote t, \i\f0 couldn\rquote t\i0\f1 , be an exception. Blood and life and the soul\'85 it was all the same to the curse, it didn\rquote t care about your character.\par
\par
She\rquote s leaning against the back of the gargoyle now, gasping for breath as her vision begins to tunnel, like she\rquote s asphyxiating. \ldblquote Help me,\rdblquote  she whispers under her breath, clutching at the unholy symbol on Traitor\rquote s hilt. \ldblquote For once, God damn you, \i\f0 help me\i0\f1 .\rdblquote\par
\par
For once, for once, Asmodeus deigns to speak. A crooning whisper. The gargoyle twists and it has his face, his neck, his spidery hands. \i\f0\ldblquote Oh, darling. You know that God has nothing to do with this\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  Magda whispers. \ldblquote How is this your plan? I would rather die\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\i\f0\ldblquote Then die.\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1 Magda smarts, it\rquote s painful now, all her muscles are cramping, oxygen-starved. And just like always, no-one is coming. No-one will help her.\par
\par
\ldblquote\i\f0 Right now, my precious girl, it seems to me you have three choices.\rdblquote\i0\f1\par
\par
Magda swallows, trying to focus her vision. She could hear Luca and Shaun starting to slowly make their way up the road. She watches them, sees them looking over their shoulders like that could ever save them.\par
\par
\i\f0\ldblquote You do it now, while you\rquote re still conscious. Or you wait\'85 five minutes? I can feel the beast pounding in your chest, you won\rquote t be able to fight it for much longer.\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1 Magda says nothing, doesn\rquote t dignify him with a response. But she knows he\rquote s right.\par
\par
\i\f0\ldblquote Will it make you feel better if you wait until you\rquote re a slavering monster? That way you won\rquote t remember doing it?\rdblquote  \par
\i0\f1\par
She has to focus on her breathing. She\rquote ll fight through it. Just like always. One breath at a time.\par
\i\f0\par
\ldblquote And if you do wait, it won\rquote t just be those two\'85\rdblquote  \i0\f1 Asmodeus continues.\i\f0  \ldblquote You\rquote ll probably take out half the street before someone cuts you down.\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1 He\rquote s right.\par
\par
Magda takes a stake from her belt. \ldblquote Or\'85\rdblquote  She looks at the point, sharpened clumsily by pocket knife.\par
\par
\i\f0\ldblquote Or, indeed\'85\rdblquote  \i0\f1 The gargoyle leans forward. His eyes flash from the point to her heart, and back again. Like a high roller over a card table.\i\f0\par
\i0\f1\par
And Magda remembers. Strahd is still out there.\par
\par
\ldblquote It would all have been for nothing,\rdblquote  she says, blinking back tears. The spike of the stake on her heart is digging in to the bone.\par
\par
\i\f0\ldblquote Yes\'85\rdblquote  \i0\f1 Asmodeus says. \i\f0\ldblquote You\rquote d be throwing everything away.\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1 Magda sniffs, hand quivering. \ldblquote I hate you.\rdblquote\par
\par
Asmodeus grins. \i\f0\ldblquote I love you.\rdblquote\i0\f1\par
\par
The flames are starting to lick on the other side of the roof. \par
\par
\i\f0 She is standing back on the parapet of Castle Eclipsis, listening to her entire world go up in flames.\i0\f1\par
\par
She lifts the stake away. \ldblquote I still want to live.\rdblquote  The words surprise her even as she speaks them. She doesn\rquote t have the energy, she doesn\rquote t have the means, she doesn\rquote t even have the will to go on but she can\rquote t let herself stop. \ldblquote I still want to live.\rdblquote\par
\par
Asmodeus licks his lips. \i\f0\ldblquote Oh, yes you do! I knew it all those years ago. I \i0\f1 saw\i\f0  it!\rdblquote  \i0\f1 He pokes a stone finger into her chest, right where the stake had been. \i\f0\ldblquote The fire! The \i0\f1 hell\i\f0  flame!\rdblquote  \i0\f1 The gargoyle ignites as the roof begins to catch, as the stone begins to melt away.\i\f0  \ldblquote You would do \i0\f1 anything\i\f0  to get what you thought you were owed!\rdblquote\i0\f1  He\rquote s no longer stone now. Flesh and blood emerging from the molten rock like a cocoon. \par
\par
He curls around her back, warm fingers trailing down her hand and gently prising the stake from her grip. He laughs into her neck on one side as Eden encircles the other. \i\f0\ldblquote You have but precious moments, Magdalena. I suggest you choose wisely.\rdblquote\i0\f1\par
\par
Magda\rquote s head is spinning, the roof around her is burning, and the bloodlust rises like the smoke filling her lungs.\par
\par
\i\f0 Of course\i0\f1 , she thought, with a sinking feeling that she remembered from every other time she\rquote d relapsed. \i\f0 There was only ever one choice.\i0\f1\par
\par
___\par
\par
\ldblquote Come on, it\rquote s this way,\rdblquote  Luca says, pushing onwards up the hill. \ldblquote You can just about make it out over all the smoke.\rdblquote\par
\par
Shaun is lagging behind, keeps turning back. \ldblquote Do you get the weird feeling\'85 we\rquote re being watched?\rdblquote\par
\par
Luca gulps. \ldblquote It\rquote s just been a long day,\rdblquote  he says, mostly to himself.\par
\par
Shaun grabs Luca\rquote s hands. \ldblquote We\rquote re gonna be okay, yeah?\rdblquote\par
\par
Luca allows himself a moment to hug Shaun. \ldblquote Yeah. Yeah, we\rquote re gonna be fine. Once we\rquote re back in Krezk, we\rquote ll rebuild. Everything will be fine.\rdblquote  They squeeze each other tight, a promise.\par
\par
Then they pull apart, breathe a deep breath, and turn back towards the Manor.\par
\par
After a few steps, a shape flies past them. A blur. Luca starts as it washes past him, hands flying to his pockets, and then looking around.\par
\par
Shaun is gone.\par
\par
__\par
\par
Magda descends from the night and plucks Shaun from the street as though he weighs nothing. Shaun is dead before her feet touch the roof again, her fangs break skin and she drains him like an orange.\par
\par
She drops him at her feet as the screaming in her muscles, her bones is replaced by jubilation, relief. The clarity is immediate. The moral quandary of a moment ago seems so distant, so juvenile\'85\par
\par
She turns around and sees Luca floundering around for his friend, spinning on his heels. She can smell the fear on him, fresh and ripe. She can hear his heart pumping blood through his veins.\par
\par
Well, she can\rquote t very well leave a witness, can she?\par
\par
___\par
\par
Where has Shaun gone? Where is he? He was right here!\par
\par
Luca spins, looking down the street.\par
\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  a voice says, close enough the breath tickles the back of his ear. He turns, looking uphill. No-one there.\par
\par
A tap on his shoulder, and he turns once more. \par
\par
He jumps. The woman from before, Magda. As if from thin air.\par
\par
\ldblquote You,\rdblquote  he says.\par
\par
He fights to control his breathing.\par
\par
There is something different about her now. Something distant, cold. Something behind her eyes. She\rquote s looking at him, mouth half-parted, eyes glazed, as though she\rquote s Danton\rquote s tiger and he is a gazelle.\par
\par
__\par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry about your friend,\rdblquote  Magda says, as a matter of politeness.\par
\par
Luca starts to back up, stumbling. \ldblquote What, what have you done with him?\rdblquote\par
\par
Magda follows him, lazily, not even really listening to his response. \ldblquote Unavoidable, I\rquote m afraid.\rdblquote  She uses a fingernail to pick a piece of Shaun\rquote s neck out from between her molars.\par
\par
He starts to hyperventilate. She watches it happen in slow motion as the breath rises up his chest, as he makes to scream for help.\par
\par
She presses a finger to the hilt of her sword, and casts Hold Person. He freezes, to the spot, one hand behind his back, one hand raised to protect his face. Completely unable to move. \par
\par
Save his eyes. They quiver as she approaches like a storm rolling in.\par
\par
She smiles. She can still hear his heart jack-hammering in his ribcage, a rabbit in a trap. Her fangs extend like a viper\rquote s, pressing into her jaw.\par
\par
She had tried to warn them. \i\f0\ldblquote Don\rquote t get hurt. I can\rquote t keep going on horses and chickens anymore.\rdblquote\par
\par
\i0\f1 And the traitor, with his honeyed words, had said, \i\f0\ldblquote We all have our trials to overcome. Hold on to what you believe in and you'll restore what is rightfully yours.\rdblquote\par
\par
"I don't know what I believe anymore... I used to be so sure. Nowadays, it feels like everything's on the table. It'll all be so much easier once I've put a stake through that bastard's heart. It'll all be over\'85 But I guess you're right. I can hold onto that. Thank you, friend."\i0\f1\par
\par
She \i\f0 should\i0\f1  thank Varian, really. He\rquote d proved she\rquote d been right the entire time. That she had been a fool to open her heart. The others, she could still use them. But she\rquote d never trust again.\par
\par
She considers allowing the merchant to move before she kills him. He wouldn\rquote t even have time to scream anyway. But there\rquote s something about his face flash-frozen in fear, his eyes darting about, that feels poetic. As though his body had deserted him, as though it had betrayed him right when he needed it most.\par
\par
\ldblquote I tried to do this the right way,\rdblquote  Magda says, more for herself than anything. She\rquote s done trying to convince anyone of anything. \ldblquote But\'85 deep down, it\rquote s like I always said. All monsters are the same.\rdblquote\par
\par
The last few moments of Luca\rquote s life are short, and fearful, and excruciating. \par
\par
She throws their bodies into a burning building, and watches the flames consume them. The familiar crackling of skin and muscle fibre. No-one would think twice about two more charred corpses in the conflagration.\par
\par
___\par
\par
\b\f3 Magda\rquote s timer resets, and will expire on Day 31.\par
\par
Magda is now considered Lawful Evil for purposes of alignment.\par
}
 