{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Chapter 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Arabelle rushed out of the burned house and down from where she\'92d come. She didn\'92t 
\f2\i exactly
\f1\i0  know where the Lower Gallows were, but considering the name, she was confident that going downhill was a good start.\
\'93Wait!\'94 a cry came from behind her. Arabelle turned around to see Alek running towards her. \'93Where do you think you\'92re going? There\'92s no way I\'92m letting you investigate this by yourself.\'94\
Arabelle slowed down, letting Alek catch up to her. \'93You didn\'92t seem to object to Magda investigating anything\'94 she said, frowning and crossing her arms.\
\'93If a Hero of the Burning Sun wants to go talk to the Baron, it is none of my business. A civilian meddling with city investigations, on the other hand, very much is.\'94\
Arabelle dropped her arms and smiled innocently, but Alek, seeing the sparkle of mischief in her eyes, cut her off before she could say anything. \'93Don\'92t you go trying to charm me, miss. I\'92m serious, the Lower Gallows are no place for a young lady like you to go knocking at alone.\'94\
Arabelle sighed. \'93Well, from what I know, the Lower Gallows are exactly the kind place I would be ok knocking at. Please Alek, I know I can help.\'94\
\'93And I appreciate it, but I don\'92t want you running off by yourself. We stick together. Let\'92s go.\'94 Alek tapped Arabelle on the shoulder and started back down the street.\
Arabelle followed Alek down the streets of Vallaki, past the Blue Water Inn, past the Town Square and into unfamiliar streets. They stopped by the Barracks and Alek asked Arabelle to wait for him while he changed into less conspicuous clothes. Five minutes later, just as Arabelle was considering heading off by herself, Alek came out wearing dark, simple clothes. \
\'93Higher chance of people talking to me this way,\'94 said the captain.\
The further away they got from the hill, the less doors Arabelle could see marked with the Watcher\'92s eye. Eventually, they turned into an unremarkable lane. Here, rough-looking houses and shops lined the street, but less of them looked abandoned. Peeking at passing windows, she could see shapes moving around rooms lit with greenish lights. While Arabelle was used to the sunlight in Barovia being diffused by the mists, the narrow street seemed to stop even more of it coming through. The air was thick with smoke and the smell of incense, mucky water and dead things left to the elements. It felt like the walls were closing in on her.\
Pushing through the smog, the street finally opened into a square, and the air felt lighter. In its centre were the gallows that named the area, and to Arabelle\'92s relief, no one was hanging off it. Getting closer to it, she noticed how it was instead decorated with dried flowers, animal skulls and candles. It almost looked like an altar. A child ran out from under it, shouting to her friends she was coming to find them. Alek looked around surprised, still catching his breath from the oppressing street they had come out of.\
\'93My mum told me about this place, and how they protected it by making the way in very uninviting. There,\'94 Arabelle said smiling, pointing at the building with a wicker man painted on its sign. \'93The Wicker\'92s Hut. That is where my mum would come to stay the night when she was in Vallaki alone. She said that\'92s the best place for a hearty stew.\'94\
She side-eyed Alek, giving him a knowing look. \'93And the best gossip.\'94\
Arabelle had had many visions since that first one seven years ago, and had slowly started to get better at understanding them. Sometimes, all she had to go on with was a feeling, an intuition. In that first vision, Arabelle had seen a damn breaking, a village getting swept away. She had felt a thing of twisted malice looking back at her, reflected on the murky eyes of the dead. \
Years later, she had had a vision of her brother arriving in Berez, and again, that presence was there, waiting. She had told her brother what she\'92d seen, and that was Arabelle\'92s greatest regret. For instead of discouraging him of the idea of looking for the place, knowing that he would find it was what convinced him to go. \
And again, in the vision of Mordesh speaking to the angry mob at the Knight\'92s Head, Arabelle had felt it. The Witch was watching, waiting. \
Alek and Arabelle walked into the Wicker\'92s Hut and it took Arabelle a moment to adjust her eyes. There were no windows and the candles burned an unusual green light. There were only four tables scattered around the small room, and one of them was occupied by an elderly halfling woman. Alek walked up to the bar, Arabelle following close behind, and was met with a cold stare from the barmaid.\
\'93Don\'92t think I\'92ve ever seen your face around him before.\'94\
Alek shifted uncomfortably, taken aback by the hostility. Before he could reply, the barmaid noticed Arabelle and frowned, pointing at her.\
\'93But you\'85 you look a familiar. Have you been here before? Or maybe your mother? A sister?\'94\
Arabelle beamed at this. \'93My mum used to come here when she visited Vallaki. We\'92re from Krezk, so she wouldn\'92t come very often. Agathys was her name.\'94\
At the mention of Agathys\'92 name, the barmaid smiled fondly, relaxing her posture.\
\'93Oh, you must be Arabelle. Come sit with me, child, come. Let me have a closer look at Agathys\'92 little one,\'94 said the old lady sitting by herself.\
Arabelle smiled at the barmaid, who gave Alek a sceptical look, and headed over to the old lady\'92s table. \
The halfling woman nodded at the empty chairs, inviting Arabelle and Alek to sit. \'93You do look a lot like you mother. Tell me what happened to Agathys, dear, she has been missed.\'94\
Arabelle took a deep breath and searched for the right words.\
\'93Mum died a few years ago. A group of thieves attacked our farm, probably wanting to steal some animals or any riches they thought we might have. When they didn\'92t find much, they got frustrated and started trashing our house. \
\'93My brother and I were hiding in our parent\'92s room, and when the thieves started coming towards us my dad attacked them, to stop them from finding us. My mum tried to help but\'85\'94 Arabelle felt a lump in her throat and couldn\'92t keep going.\
The old lady squeezed Arabelle\'92s hand, and she felt a warmth flooding her heart, giving her the strength to keep talking. \'93After the fight was over the thieves ran away. They took mum\'92s jewellery, not that she had many, and all our food from the pantry. But mum and dad didn\'92t make it. I think the thieves\'92 blades were poisoned.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry, child. Barovia is not a kind place and the best of us are the ones who suffer the most. I did wander why Agathys hadn\'92t come back for so many years, but I would be lying if I said I was surprised by your tale. They died protecting their most valuable treasure, you and your brother. And I\'92m sure they have no regrets there.\'94 The old lady smiled warmly at Arabelle.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Arabelle. It felt like a lifetime since her parents had died, and barely anyone had ever asked her about it. Death was not uncommon in Barovia. \'93I\'92m sorry, I never asked your name!\'94\
\'93It\'92s Hilda, dear, at your service.\'94 The old halfling bowed her head. \'93So, what brings you to our neck of the woods, child?\'94\
\'93We\'92re looking for information,\'94 whispered Arabelle, leaning closer to Hilda.\
Hilda let out a wheezy laugh. \'93There\'92s no need to whisper, dear. Agathys was highly respected here and her name follows you. You have my word; no harm will come to you, even if you poke at the wrong tree. Sybil over there won\'92t mind either. Speak freely.\'94\
Arabelle looked at Alek, who didn\'92t seem nearly as disarmed as she felt. He was sitting up straight, arms crossed over his chest, looking dead serious. Remembering the graveness of the situation, Arabelle took the plunge.\
\'93We\'92re looking for a woman called Mordesh.\'94\
Hilda\'92s face darkened, all warmth leaving her expression. \'93Why would you be looking for Mordesh, child?\'94\
Alek, sensing the tension, stepped forward. \'93We\'92re investigating recent attacks on people\'92s homes in the city. There\'92s a lot of unrest bubbling up, since the Battle of the Burning Sun, and we suspect Mordesh has her hand in it. People resent those who accepted the Watchers\'92 protection, not caring if they actually had a choice or really agreed with the lot. The Watchers made it mighty easy for those families to be targeted, marking their doors with the silver eye.\'94\
\'93I know it\'92s Mordesh who\'92s leading people on and encouraging these attacks. I know that there\'92s more to this than just political unrest\'85\'94 said Arabelle, taking courage from Alek\'92s intervention.\
\'93I know of your family\'92s gift, child. Are you saying you had a vision of this?\'94 asked Hilda.\
\'93Yes, I have. I saw Mordesh talking to a crowd, feeding their anger. But that\'92s not what worries me. I felt this evil presence in her, a presence I\'92ve felt before in other visions. Visions of Berez.\'94\
At the mention of Berez, any remnant of warmth left Hilda\'92s expression. She spat on the floor and threw some salt behind her as she mumbled under her breath.\
\'93The witches of Berez stain all of our names. They charm and lie and trick people into their lair! Who knows what actually goes on in their cursed domain, but it certainly isn\'92t anything good. But not every witch answers to them, child. And besides, no one ever comes out of Berez. How would Mordesh be involved with them at all?\'94\
\'93If no one ever comes out of Berez, how would they get their letters out? And how would they tempt people into their village?\'94 asked Arabelle, feeling frustrated.\
Hilda crossed her arms, frowning deeply. \'93And how do 
\f2\i you
\f1\i0  know so much about them?\'94\
\'93It\'92s my brother. He got letters from friends who had gone to Berez, saying how wonderful it was there. I tried to warn him, tell him it wasn\'92t true, but he went anyway. I haven\'92t heard from him since.\'94\
A sorrowful expression came back to Hilda\'92s face. \'93I\'92m sorry, child. Loosing your parents must have been hard enough, you and your brother should have stuck together. But I see your point. Mordesh has been stirring up trouble for some time now. She used to work at the chandlery across the road, made the loveliest candles. They smelled like eucalyptus and burned a soft green hue. Her daughter still makes them the same way she did.\
\'93One day, Mordesh went away to Krezk to sell her candles and didn\'92t come back for over a year. We had taken her for dead, her daughter was devastated. When she did come back, she was different. Cold and distant and full of anger. She never explained why she had been away for so long\'85\
\'93If what you say is true, child, we owe it to Mordesh to free her of whatever charm those wicked witches put on her, for I\'92m sure our Mordesh would never willingly do their bidding.\'94\
\'93Your help is greatly appreciated, Lady Hilda\'94 said Alek, bowing his head.\
\'93Ha, Lady Hilda! Now that I\'92d never heard before. Where did you find this one, child?\'94 asked Hilda, letting out a booming laugh.\
Arabelle laughed with her. \'93He is actually the Captain of the Guards. I think he\'92s just trying to ingratiate himself with 
\f2\i the people
\f1\i0 .\'94\
Alek blushed at this comment and cleared his throat, not looking amused. \'93I want to bring a sense of safety to the people of Vallaki. I believe that respect and trust in the city guard is the first step towards that.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t fuss, dear. I appreciate your manners,\'94 said Hilda, dismissing Alek\'92s seriousness with a smile. \
\'93You have powerful friends, Arabelle, and good intentions. I\'92m happy to see Agathys\'92 seed blooming into such a vibrant flower.\'94\
\'93Thank you, Hilda. It is so nice to meet someone who knew my mum. I miss her so much, there was so much I still needed to learn from her. Will you come with us to find Mordesh? I know where she holds the meetings before an attack.\'94\
\'93Oh, it\'92s been many years since I\'92ve left the Lower Gallows, child. I have everything I need right here and no one misses me out there. But I suppose this is as good a reason as I\'92ll ever get to venture out again. Alright, dear, I will come with you. Let us find our Mordesh and bring her back home. We witches must stick together.\
\'93But first, we will have some food! Sybil, dear, brings us three portions of your wonderful stew. And some ale,\'94 she winked and Alek. \'93I make it myself.\'94\
\page \pard\pardeftab720\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Chapter 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Well-fed and all caught up in the latest gossip, Arabelle, Alek and Hilda walked out of the Wicker\'92s Hut into faint day light.\
\'93Now, dear, where did you say Mordesh holds her meetings?\'94 asked Hilda.\
\'93In my vision, she was at the Knight\'92s Head, but it was night-time. I don\'92t know if we\'92ll find her there this early.\'94\
Hilda, holding on to Alek\'92s arm, scratched her chin. \'93Hmmm\'85 I haven\'92t had a good look at our Mordesh in a while, and she\'92s certainly changed since coming back to Vallaki. But we were familiar enough before. Let me try something.\'94\
Letting go of Alek, Hilda reached for a flask on her belt containing a clump of black fur. As she uncorked it and carefully pulled out a few strands, Arabelle caught a strong smell of wet dog and blood. As it caught the light, red hues seemed to shine through.\
Holding the fur in a tight fist, Hilda closed her eyes and stood very still. A moment later she lifted her hand to her third eye, still clasping the fur, and slowly opened her eyes. In a clear voice, she called out \'93Mordesh\'94. She opened her hand and the fur caught fire. As it did, Hilda\'92s eyes burned with it, glowing intensely red.\
Arabelle stared in wonder, but in a moment, it was all over. Hilda, coming back to it, smiled at her knowingly. \'93Bloodhound fur. Not easy to come by, but essential for locating spells. I always carry some on me; the older I get, the more often I need it.\'94 She said, letting out a wheezy laugh.\
\'93Do you know where she is, then?\'94 asked Alek.\
\'93Very impatient, aren\'92t we? Yes, I do know where she is. Roughly. Follow me.\'94 Putting the flask away and wiping the ashes on her skirt, Hilda led the way.\
Holding on to Alek\'92s arm again, Hilda led the party out of the Lower Gallows. They walked the same way Alek and Arabelle had come through earlier, but now the mists didn\'92t feel as oppressive. The light managed to shine through a bit more clearly and Arabelle could even smell some home cooking. She noticed flowers hanging off windowsills, colourful curtains blowing out of open windows and even heard some singing. Looking up at Alek, Arabelle could see in his face the same bewilderment she felt. This did not feel like the same place at all.\
\'93We try to keep strangers out of our little corner of Vallaki. The less people come sticking their noses in, the freer we can be,\'94 said Hilda, sensing the other two\'92s confusion.\
Once out of the Lower Gallows, the world seemed bleaker again and misery stared back everywhere they looked. The three walked silently, each lost in their own thoughts. They followed Hilda past the centre of town and towards the western city gates. Eventually she stopped in front of an inn, a sign above its door painted with a bleeding knight\'92s helm.\
\'93This is the place I saw in my vision,\'94 said Arabelle.\
Hilda looked up at the sign, \'93This is where my sense tells me Mordesh is.\'94 She led them inside.\
Unlike the Wicker\'92s Hut, this was not a welcoming place. It was dark and crowded, the smells of sweat and spilled ale strong. As soon as the three walked in all conversations dimmed. They headed for the bar and Arabelle could feel many eyes following their movements.\
Alek let Hilda sit down first and then raised his arm to get the barman\'92s attention. As he walked over, Arabelle placed a hand on Alek\'92s forearm, blessing him with some encouragement.\
\'93What can I do for you folks?\'94 asked the barman.\
\'93To start with, three ales,\'94 said Alek, placing a gold piece on the counter. \'93And for a little extra, a meeting with Mordesh.\'94 Alek showed a platinum piece, keeping his hand over it.\
The barman eyed him suspiciously but leaned forward to take the coin. \'93Follow me, I\'92ll bring the ales over once you\'92re seated.\'94\
Walking down the length of the bar, Alek, Hilda and Arabelle followed the barman past the kitchen and into a backroom. A small table and a few chairs took most of the space, and Hilda immediately sat down at the closest chair. The barman told them to wait there and left, closing the door behind him.\
Alek stood by the door, looking ready to pounce whoever came through it. Arabelle, feeling trapped, sat down next to Hilda. \'93I don\'92t like this.\'94\
Hilda took her hand and squeezed it. \'93You\'92ll be alright, child. You have me and the big fella to take care of this.\'94\
The door flung open, and Alek reached for his sword. A half-elven woman walked in, flanked by two armed men carrying flasks of ale. Arabelle immediately recognised Mordesh and a sinking feeling settled in her gut.\
Not even looking at Alek, Mordesh walked past him and sat down across from Hilda and Arabelle, motioning for her two companions to do the same. \'93Hilda,\'94 said Mordesh, staring the two women down.\
\'93Mordesh,\'94 replied Hilda, giving her a nod.\
\'93To what do I owe the pleasure?\'94\
\'93I heard this is where you\'92ve been staying and thought I\'92d pay you a visit. I miss your lovely candles; you always made them give off such pleasant scents. Why haven\'92t you come back home, dear? Your daughter misses you too, you know?\'94\
Arabelle saw the faintest expression of pain pass through Mordesh\'92 face, but it went as quickly as it came. In the back of her mind, Arabelle could swear she could hear a faint cackling. \
\'93I have more important business to attend to than candles,\'94 said Mordesh. \'93My daughter is old enough to fend for herself and the workshop will keep her going.\'94\
\'93I also heard you\'92ve been stirring up trouble, child. Why are you meddling with politics and helping create more violence? Isn\'92t this world bad enough as it is? I can\'92t let you destroy our home.\'94 said Hilda, with a sad expression.\
A wicked smile rose in Mordesh\'92 face. \'93Wanting to play with the big girls now, are you Hilda?\'94\
Hilda reached her hand up and suddenly everything burst into motion. The two men sitting to either side of her jumped up, unsheathing their weapons. Alek lunged at the closest one, grappling him. Seeing the blades drawn, Hilda quickly extended her hand and traced a sigil of warding in the air. \
Mordesh, twisting her face in hatred, shouted and pointed at Hilda, causing a beam of crackling, blue energy to lance out towards her. With a sense of vertigo, glimpses of the future pressed in on Arabelle\'92s awareness, and without knowing if she foresaw it or if she chose the outcome herself, the bolt flew wild and missed her friends.\
Arabelle grabbed her necklace with one hand and with the other cast a holding spell in front of her. Not having expected it, Mordesh didn\'92t react in time and was paralysed, just like her two companions and Alek.\
Hilda looked at Arabelle, who was panting with the rush of adrenaline, and laughed. \'93Good reflexes, child. A blossoming flower indeed, and one with thorns!\'94\
With her arm still outstretched, Arabelle stared at Mordesh and the three men, feeling them fight her spell. Realising she had caught Alek in it, she let him go, but kept concentrating on the other three. She heard that cackle again. Eyes widening with fear, Arabelle whispered, \'93I can feel her\'85 the Witch. She\'92s here.\'94\
Hilda smiled sadly at Mordesh. \'93I was only reaching for my drink, dear. But it all worked out in the end, didn\'92t it?\'94 She took a sip of her ale, then stood up and walked round the table. \
\'93I hope this doesn\'92t hurt you,\'94 said Hilda kindly to Mordesh, \'93but I\'92m going to try and free you. The little one was right; you\'92ve been cursed and your mind is not your own.\'94 Standing behind Mordesh, she placed a hand on each side of her head and started mumbling under her breath. Alek had stood up and was by the door, in case anyone tried to come through. He had his sword at the ready, facing the two paralysed men.\
As Hilda mumbled, Mordesh\'92 eyes rolled back and her whole body started to tremble. Arabelle could feel Mordesh tugging at her mind, trying to set herself free from Arabelle\'92s spell. She could also feel the Witch shouting in her mind, cackling maniacally, spitting hatred and malice. Hilda\'92s mumbling grew louder and the lights seemed to dim. Her voice reverberated around the small room, making it feel like more than one voice was chanting the spell.\
In the chaos, Arabelle couldn\'92t hold her concentration anymore and lost control over the two men. They snapped out of their paralyses, but all they could do was cower as Hilda\'92s voice echoed all around them. A gust of wind ran through the room, snuffing out the candles, and with it came the Witch\'92s cackle, now audible to everyone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Sure, free her mind off me, but you might not find much left in it\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 Mordesh gave off a blood curdling scream of pain, and with it the eery voice faded, along with its disturbing laughter. Hilda let go of Mordesh, her head dropping forward. The two men slowly stood up, staring at Mordesh, waiting for a command or a sign of what to do next. Not finding a response, they looked at each other.\
\'93What the hell was that?\'94 asked one.\
\'93That,\'94 said Hilda, lighting the torches again, then sitting next to Mordesh and taking her hand, \'93was the witches of Berez controlling our sweet Mordesh\'92 mind.\'94\
Mordesh sat there, head limp on her shoulders, eyes glazed over, slowly moving her mouth, not acknowledging anyone in the room. Arabelle sat down, suddenly feeling very tired. \'93I\'92d just wanted to help\'85 stop the tensions in town from escalating.\'94\
\'93And you did, child. No more harm than has already been done will come to be. We were too late to save Mordesh, but at least we severed the witches\'92 reach over Vallaki.\'94\
\'93So, you\'92re saying the witches of Berez,\'94 said the man in the back, with a shaky voice, \'93were controlling Mordesh?\'94\
\'93I\'92m afraid that is the truth,\'94 said Alek. He stepped forward and placed a hand on the other man\'92s shoulder. \'93It\'92s time to stop the violence. I understand your anger\'85\'94\
The man slapped Alek\'92s hand off his shoulder. \
\'93You understand nothing, in your high tower and comfy bed,\'94 he spat. \'93They destroyed our homes, killed our family and friends! And now that their game is over, they can just go back to their lives, as if nothing happened? No!\'94\
\'93And what will you gain from their deaths?\'94 asked Hilda, still holding Mordesh\'92 hand and sounding frustrated.\
\'93Justice, that\'92s what! For once in this town, maybe we could level the playing field. Give ourselves a better chance to fight back,\'94 he replied, raising his voice.\
\'93Who\'92s we? And fight back what? You\'92re only fighting yourselves!\'94 shouted back Alek, his face flushing red with anger. He closed his hands into fists, tensing his muscles.\
Arabelle was still sitting at the table, listening to them argue. Looking at Mordesh, she remembered how she saw her in her vision, so full of anger and violence. But now she looked empty and spent. Tears started rolling down from Mordesh\'92 unblinking eyes, her mouth still opening and closing silently.\
Arabelle slammed her fist on the table, made the flames of the torches blaze up brightly and stood up. \'93Do you think the witches of Berez were trying to get you 
\f2\i justice
\f1\i0 ? They were taking advantage of your anger for their own gain. Look what will be left behind, if not worse, once they\'92re done with you!\'94 she said, pointing at Mordesh. \
Everyone in the room turned to look at Mordesh, and went quiet. The light from the torches created long dancing shadows on her face, giving her a ghostly look. Arabelle let the flames quiet down again.\
\'93I\'92m afraid your cause wasn\'92t really yours, dears,\'94 said Hilda. \'93I don\'92t understand it either, but those wicked hags love to sow some chaos. And whatever their goal was, we\'92d all be better off if you didn\'92t carry it out.\'94\
The two men looked at each other again. \'93I think the old lady is right, Kal,\'94 said the one in the back, looking more afraid than angry.\
Kal let out a frustrated groan and pushed past Alek, out of the room. When Alek made to follow, Hilda caught his arm.\
\'93Let him go. You can\'92t beat sense into his head. We\'92ve all had a long day and need some time to let it sink in. Isn\'92t that right, dear?\'94 Hilda lifted Mordesh\'92 face and wiped the tears off her cheeks. She tutted softly and stood up. \'93It\'92s time for us to go home.\'94\
Arabelle took Mordesh\'92 arm and with a gentle tug got her to stand up. \'93Let me walk you back to the Lower Gallows. It\'92s the least I can do to thank you.\'94\
\'93That would be much appreciated, child. I am an old lady, after all.\'94\
The man still in the room blushed lightly.\
\'93I will stay and see if that meeting still goes ahead. If it does, I want to be there and have my say,\'94 said Alek. \'93These attacks must stop.\'94\
\'93No one will listen to you, captain, knowing who you\'92re involved with. Those friends of yours, the Martikovs at the Blue Water, they have the silver eye on their door,\'94 said the man.\
\'93They fought against Lady Watcher and those spawns, for god\'92s sake! Urwin died that day, protecting the townsfolk. I will stay, and I will have my say. What\'92s your name?\'94\
\'93Radomir. Sir.\'94\
\'93We are going to this meeting together, Radomir. You will tell them what you saw here today. You will tell them how they\'92re just dancing to the witches\'92 tune. And you will tell them to listen to me. Understood?\'94\
\'93Yes, sir.\'94 Replied Radomir straightening himself up.\
Hilda nodded at Arabelle and walked out of the room. Arabelle followed, guiding Mordesh out with her and leaving the captain to deal with the politics.\
}