*The following takes place as [[Jeremiah]] is separated from the party at the end of [[Session 30]], containing the events of a mini-session between [[Tenderstem]] and [[Bearded Liam]].*

It all happened so quickly. The bandits, the screams in the dark. The elf moved towards his foes with purpose, undeterred by their magical smoke screen. I knew someone else had been following us, and in that moment of chaos Ireena stepped out, she had been waiting to come to our rescue. But [[Rahadin]] would be close behind, I could hear the clash of steel, and I did not bet on the rogues buying us much time.

The others were leaving but I jumped back into the fray. [[Rahadin]] had a vial of [[Arabelle]]'s blood, and with it, there was nowhere he couldn't find us. I approached to find the bandit leader sparring with the Devil's servant, two Tieflings had come to their leader's aid. I saw my chance and slashed at [[Rahadin]]'s belt - alas the vial did not fall. He must have noticed me, as he swung out with both his swords knocking the assailants back. Through the darkness I could barely make out his eyes, but I could feel the haunting fear that followed his gaze. I ran. 

I have always felt at home darting through cobbled streets and crooked alleys, but the woods have grown familiar to me this last month, perhaps my years of book-learning have kept me from realising it, but I feel at ease out here. I fall into a rhythm dancing between the trees, despite my circumstances, I feel alive. I can see the group ahead. There is a portal, an opening in a tree that Ireena has led us to. First there is hope, and then there is pain. A bolt of steel shoots through my shoulder, its gnarled tip pulls back into my rotting flesh. I stumble to my knees and feel myself being dragged towards my captor, it seems I did not escape. I cannot hear her, but I see mouthed words of apology before Ireena ducks through the roots and closes the passage behind her.

I hear cursing behind me, and for a moment the rope bound to the arrow in my shoulder goes loose. I seize the opportunity to lunge forward, tearing the bolt through my arm. My mind is cloudy, but I trust my feet, my enchanted boots lifting me into the trees. I rummage through the fog of my consciousness, searching for a spell to hide myself, but it won't come. I shrink back against the trunk and hope he has not seen me. There is movement down below, but it is not the elf. 

I had not seen them before, hooded figures emerging from the trees, stepping straight from the shadows. I hear their chanting, soft words carried by the wind. The magical darkness is dissipating, and the remaining bandits are surrounded. Some have already been taken, I watch as vines rise from the forest floor and ensnare each victim in turn. Soon they are encased like flies in spider's silk, they drop quietly to the ground and are swallowed by the earth. The chanting stops, and I thank the gods I no longer need breathe, lest I give myself away. In unison, they turn sharply in my direction, and I see [[Rahadin]] remains below, his swords still drawn. A woman comes forward, lowering her hood. She tilts her head to one side, and smiles. One by one, the witches, for I am sure that is what they are, step forward and vanish just as quietly as they came. The woman never turns away, and Rahadin remains unflinching. She is all that remains now, and slowly she raises a hand to her throat. With an uncanny jerk her head moves back, and her eyes meet mine, her finger cutting across her neck, smiling all the while. And then she too is gone. 

I barely have a moment to think before the branches give way beneath my feet. With terrifying strength Rahadin has smashed his blade through the base of the tree. The trunk groans and splinters as I start to fall. I reach out to steady myself, but my torn arm no longer has strength. I land on my back, and my head cracks against a rock. As the world spins back into focus he is standing over me, but a blur of talons and feathers scratches at his face. I scramble to my feet and run, run without thought. I hear the craw of a raven and know Rahadin will not be deterred for long. Without the witches' chant, I realise I can reach my spells again. I cast invisibility and drop down into the nearest ditch, still and silent. I hear running, and then a pause, somewhere close above he stops. A hunter seeking their prey. 

I could have sworn my heart jumped when I saw the beady eyes of the raven perched across from me. Surely, we would be seen, what was it doing, saving me only to lead him straight here. There was urgency in its manner, and a familiarity about it. A Martikov I wondered. No, this was the bird that came to me my first night in [[Barovia Town]], that dropped a coin through the window at the [[Blood on the Vine]] tavern. I reached into my pocket and found the silver disk. Do you need this? You are not here to save me, but to make sure this token is safe. I toss the coin, and in the next instant the raven is carrying it into the sky. I hope I have at least bought the others time. 

In the forest above, the elf sees a flash of silver as it is snatched from the air.